Are you sure I can find the road pin just sitting here?
Wait until you get the road sale I don't know
But sure, we can wait until our man
Yo
Ray, why are you hitting me?
I will cut it for you when I want to catch it.
Tell me he's a loser and I'll deal with him later
What about the road pin?
You said the video was like a loach
People live very well
You got into the path and disappeared
Wasted the whole city
I can't catch a courier, I'll take care of it.
What do you do?
A bunch of rice
Don't you go to the west road?
You'll catch Ronan when he comes back
Didn't Lu Xiao arrive later?
What happened to you?
Let Lu Xiao return the jade pendant first
Then put Ruonan
Dead end, you can cross over
Or I will kill you.
Can't you trouble me enough with the road salesperson?